Every year we organize
more than 150 regional conventions
in our branch territory.
Some convention locations
are 50 kilometers (30 miles) or more away
from the local congregations,
and the families are poor.
Sometimes families have to walk
for two or more days
to reach the convention location.
Generally, the convention committee
will request local elders to ask families
who live in the town
where the convention is organized
if they can accommodate brothers
and sisters coming for the convention.
But the problem is
that these families are poor too.
Even in their poverty,
they are willing
to give everything they have.
I host brothers who come for the convention.
I will sell one of my pigs or chickens,
and with that money
we can all have something to eat.
I know Jehovah is a generous God.
I also want to show that love
for those who draw close to him.
The book of Philippians 4:12, 13 teaches me
not only to focus on my own needs
but also on the needs of my brothers.
I take in guests
so that they can hear Jehovah’s teaching.
This gives me a lot of joy.
The spiritual food
that Jehovah provides for us
is helpful in this life
and in the life we’ll have in the future.
That’s why I consider it
more important than physical food.
In reality, hospitality is not
about our material possessions;
it’s about the heart.